Angell Ville flashbacks Cassidy gets
Dennis a dog and Hitler doesn't get his
cake apologies hey guys I'm back again
as promised breaking down preacher
season 2 episode 11 this episode is
titled back doors and boy there sure
were a lot of back doors in the episode
you know what I mean when I say that
also a ton of comic book references so
just be warned there are spoilers ahead
before we get started quickly subscribe
so that you don't miss any of our
preachers season 2 coverage as well as
Twin Peaks
Rick and Morty Game of Thrones and much
more and remember if I miss anything or
you have any questions or you just want
to say hi hit me up in the comments or
on twitter at Ryan Eric P thanks for
watching guys let's start with the
awesome cold-open in this episode for
those of you that didn't read the comics
it's a flashback to Jesse's childhood
when he was an angel Vil it took some
time but we're finally getting some
details about his dark past in the TV
show in the books
Jesse's grandmother Marie Lee and Kjell
repeatedly used this type of punishment
when dealing with Jesse he spent weeks
and weeks at a time inside the coffin at
the bottom of the swamp until he learned
his lesson as we find out later in the
episode this particular punishment came
from Jesse refusing to renounce the last
name of custard I don't want to give any
more comic book spoilers away but I just
hope we get more of this memorable Angel
Ville story arc in season 3 with the
epic reunion between Jesse and his
extended family back in the present-day
tulip confronted Jesse about his big lie
you know when he told her that he sent
the saint of killers to hell well he
didn't he fittingly put him at the
bottom of the swamp something that he's
awfully familiar with why didn't you say
it in the hail I couldn't do that the
real reason here is most likely because
the saint has 1% of Jesse's soul but
tulip also doesn't need to know that
right problem is the saint of killers is
free again tulip was already struggling
with some saint PTSD but now she has to
be terrified so who's behind all of this
yep you guessed it Grail industries of
course they planned for tulip to find
the Saints weapons in the bathroom and
the empty truck in the swamp star wants
to divide jesse tulip and cassidy and
make jesse agreed
place the Messiah there's another
hysterical exchange here regarding
Hoover accidentally sending star the
male prostitutes from last episode I
apologize sir I assume that when you
requested prostitutes then should I get
you a refund you're missing the point
two above the top finisher over at
Dennis's house team preacher is as
dysfunctional as ever after jessie
dismisses his own plan for a vacation
but amongst the yelling and dog barks
yes Cassidy got his son a dog
Jessie has an epiphany God has been
hiding under his nose this whole time
maybe it is about the dog we're talking
about what that's right he was in the
Dalmatian suit in the backroom of that
New Orleans bar we saw in episode three
when he goes back a second time God is
nowhere to be found
so Jessie might have made strides in his
search for God but it's come at a cost
with his friends they don't want to even
help him anymore and the grilles plan to
divide them is working back at the
Grails New Orleans office we learned
that heaven has a backup system for
everyone's prayers because God can't
possibly hear them all of course hair
star has acquired hours and hours and
hours of Jessie's own prayers and
believes that he wants forgiveness for
one in particular thank you
who killed my father it bring make him
star tries to convince Jesse that the
only way for him to be forgiven for
these sins and to save his own soul is
by making a grand gesture like taking
over as the Messiah Jesse doesn't buy it
and command star to shove every inch of
the recordings up his own ass much like
in the comics I continue to enjoy how
literal the commands of Genesis are
taken so what's going on in hell well
they're still trying to figure out who
doesn't belong down there but we all
know it's Eugene ultimately Hitler
convinces Eugene that he needs to escape
with him instead but prior to this we
get a glimpse of Hitler's worst memory
ever it involved Hitler getting rejected
by the gay gallery owner failing to
intervene with violent communists
getting dumped by his girlfriend and
then being told a Jewish customer was
given the last plum-cake despite him
being the first to order it know the
plum-cake didn't start World War two but
it represented something much more to
Hitler today the last day that I was
so is Hitler trying to redeem himself or
is he still as horrible as we all would
guess I believe the latter in that he
shouldn't be trusted by Eugene at all
we'll have to wait and see how it all
pans out as the season comes to an end
and what about tulip her number one
priority is getting rid of the saint of
killers weapons she decides to try to
melt them that's not gonna happen in the
books the Saints magical Walker Colts
were forged from the Angel of Death
sword and no one but the saint can use
them so it makes sense why tulip can't
get the bullets out or fire off around a
big difference here is that tulip would
have seen the souls of the Saints
victims when she held the weapons but
that doesn't seem to be the case in the
TV show as it turns out even 4,000
degrees won't melt these things how
about some other quick observations from
this episode after tulip left the house
Dennis approaches Cassidy about his
feelings for her what so sick I'm psycho
fish he can clearly tell that Cassidy
wants her remember in the comics these
two shared a very very dark relationship
at one point it seems like we might be
headed there in the TV show as well
gotta love the tagline at Meyer & smelt
shop you dealt it we smelt it how about
that photo of Tom Brady during the do
you belong in hell test
that makes two Super Bowl references
this season after that Atlanta Falcons
t-shirt we saw back a few episodes some
more back doors as Hitler pulls out a
key to his room from his backside
hysterically tulip tries to mail the
saint of killers weapons to Brazil
there's no way in hell those make it to
Rio and one last thing to note at the
end of the episode jesse has to use
Genesis multiple times in order to get
out of the Grail headquarters yeah
me not did star have his staff souls
removed in order to avoid them being
commanded by Jessie does Genesis lose
some sort of power if the host has an
incomplete soul or is Jessie simply
losing conviction in himself after
reliving all the horrible things he's
done in his life let me know what you
guys think the final scene of the
episode involves the saint and it
appears that Hoover has made a deal with
him to go after Jessie again
did Hoover take back the 1% of Jesse's
soul that the Saint had acquired that
he'll again be immune to Genesis
whatever the case is it's bad news for
Team preacher because the Saint is back
next episode the Messiah oh well that's
a joke right you should consider our
offer